VM toleration (#372)
openshift/openshift-origin-design: designs/virtualization/4.5/Scheduling/Tolerations/tolerations.md

---
parent: virtualization
version: 4.5
---

> # VM Tolerations

Reviewer: I added the same thought on the firmware PR and likely will be similar for others I review in the batch that are open :) Just thinking it might be good to have one page of documentation for the whole Scheduling section...watch do you think?

Author: It's a good idea. I think I better implement it after these PRs get merged

Reviewer: +1...definitely merge all of these first and then reorg!

Managing VM tolerations for tainted nodes

> ![image name](img/Tolerations-0-0.jpg)

Reviewer 2: just a nit but the heading should read "Scheduling and resource requirements" drop the plural on resource.

> Within the VM page, Details tab, the Tolerations field is placed under the Scheduling section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the VM page, Details tab, the Tolerations field is placed under the 'Scheduling and resource requirements' section.
```

> ![image name](img/Tolerations-1-0.jpg)

Reviewer 2: Related to @andybraren comment about the notification here. We should align with PF and not create a new style for the inline alerts.

Author: Resolved in the [Node-selector PR](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-origin-design/pull/371)

The modal presents the same placement as Node-selector.
The differences are as follows:
- An additional 'Effect' field for each row.

> - The 'Add toleration row', and not 'Add label row'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The 'Add toleration row', and not 'Add label row'.
```
